we can use four methods to solve recurrence relations
The first one is substitution method where we first guess
the solution and then use mathematical induction to prove our
guess is correct
The next one is back substitution method which is also
known as iteration method where we put the recurrence relation
back into itself until we see a pattern
Once we see the pattern we can easily find the
solution
The next one is Recursion Tree method where we draw
the picture of the back substitution process and calculate the
time complexity and fourth one is Master's theorem where
we instantly tell the solution by seeing the
pattern of the recurrence relation
So these are the methods to solve recurrence relations and from
the next videos we will start solving the recurrence relation
using these methods